>> Kyle: And our fourth and final way
of invoking a function is the fallback
if none of the other three match,
which is called the default binding.
Here I have an ask function.
And when I call it on line 12,
you'll notice that on line 12,
I don't have any context object.
I don't have any dot call.
I don't have a bind, I don't have a new.
It's just a plain old,
normal function call.
It doesn't match any of the other rules.
So since it doesn't match any
of the other rules, the fallback
is defined in the spec as,
in non-strict mode, default to the global.
It's why we print Kyle here, cuz there's
a global variable called teacher,
with a value Kyle.
But notice that the askAgain
function is in strict mode.
And when we invoke it,
we actually get a type error.
Can anybody guess why
there's a type error?
>> Speaker 2: Because the type of this,
whatever that may be,
doesn't have the teacher method or
property on it?
>> Kyle: That's a good intuition.
Specifically in strict mode, when you
invoke it with no other this bindings,
the default behavior is
to leave this undefined.
So you're now trying to access
a property on the undefined value,
which is a type error.
Now, why do you suppose that they chose
in strict-mode to make this undefined, so
that it would create a type error?
It's because it is almost
certainly an error on your part
to define a this-aware function,
and invoke it without it any this.
That's a terrible idea, that's almost
as bad as auto-creating globals.
Which nobody would ever do, right?
That's a terrible idea to
invoke a this-aware function
using the default binding.
And in non-strict or so-called sloppy
mode, it ends up using the global object,
which is almost never what you would want,
in exactly the same way that
it's almost never the case that
you wanna auto-create globals.
But strict mode fixes that up for us and
it says, hey, you've made an error.
Your error is not that you're
doing a this dot reference.
Your error is that you've invoked
the function without giving it a this.
You need to use one of
the other three ways.
Use a new keyword, use a dot call, or
apply, or a bind, or use a context solver.
So there we go,
four ways to invoke a function.
Those are the only four ways, by the way.
That's it, just those four.
That's all you need to learn to be able to
understand how the this keyword get bound.
But let's reset our mind back.
The question that we set out to ask is,
if I have a this-aware function,
how do I know what its
this keyword points at?
And our strong temptation is,
we wanna assume that we can just answer
that by looking at the function.
And what we've now seen is,
there's no way to look at
the function to answer that question.
You have to look at the call site.
You have to look at how
the function's being called.
Because every time it gets called,
the how of the call
controls what the this
keyboard will point at.